This project is a online shopping appication of a bakery shop that sells Turkish bakery products.

Product Categories are;
Breads: Somun (Loaf), Vakifkebir, Cornbread
Simit: Simit, Butter Simit
Pastry: Acma (Bagel), Pogaca 
Borek: Cheese Borek, Patato Borek

Category: Breads

Title: Somun (Loaf)
Description: Turkey’s most popular bread is the pointy-tipped, boat-shaped regular loaf, with its distinctive slash down the centre. This traditional, airy white bread is available in every bakery, local mini-market and shop throughout Turkey, and the government sets its price. 


Title: Vakifkebir
Description: Another everyday white flour Turkish bread is called Vakfıkebir or Trabzon ekmek, hailing from the Black Sea. Made from a dense sourdough and cooked in a wood oven, it is far more filling than somun ekmek, has a longer shelf life and is generally round in shape.

Title: Cornbread
Description: Tasty savoury cornbread is popular in many countries, and Turkey is no exception. Excellent served warm from the oven, and perhaps with a lashing of lightly salted local butter, it’s a real treat! The best Turkish cornbread is said to come from the Black Sea where they produce many varieties, some with cheese, herbs or even anchovies cooked into the dough.


Category: Simit

Title: Simit
Description: Turkish simit is a circular bread that's commonly accompanied by either tea or ayran (salted yogurt drink) and consumed for breakfast with fruit preserves or in savory combinations with cheese, pastırma (salt cured beef), and fresh vegetables.


Title: Butter Simit
Description: Turkish simit baked with butter.


Category: Pastry

Title: Acma (Bagel)
Description: Açma is a type of Turkish pastry characterized by its soft and flaky texture. The soft dough is traditionally twisted and rolled up into a bagel, which can be made in a sweet or savory version. It consists of flour, sugar, salt, yeast, yogurt, milk, eggs, butter, and olive oil.

Title: Pogaca
Description: The Pogaca is a type of savory pastry popular in Turkey and the surrounding region. They come in a variety of shapes and fillings.



Category: Borek

Title: Cheese Borek
Description: Turkish Borek is thinly rolled pastry, often the paper-sheet thin variety known as phyllo (yufka in Turkish), which is wrapped around cheese filling arranged in layers. 

Title: Patato Borek
Description: Turkish Borek is thinly rolled pastry, often the paper-sheet thin variety known as phyllo (yufka in Turkish), which is wrapped around patato and vegetable fillings arranged in layers. 





